README.md, before:

![python](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/51578/13712821/b68a42ce-e793-11e5-96b0-d8eb978137ba.png)

# Heroku Buildpack: Python

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/heroku/heroku-buildpack-python.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/heroku/heroku-buildpack-python)

This is the official [Heroku buildpack](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/buildpacks) for Python apps.

Recommended web frameworks include **Django** and **Flask**, among others. The recommended webserver is **Gunicorn**. There are no restrictions around what software can be used (as long as it's pip-installable). Web processes must bind to `$PORT`, and only the HTTP protocol is permitted for incoming connections.

Python packages with C dependencies that are not [available on the stack image](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/stack-packages) are generally not supported, unless `manylinux` wheels are provided by the package maintainers (common). For recommended solutions, check out [this article](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/python-c-deps) for more information.

See it in Action
----------------
```
$ ls
my-application		requirements.txt	runtime.txt

$ git push heroku master
Counting objects: 4, done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (2/2), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 276 bytes | 276.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Compressing source files... done.
remote: Building source:
remote:
remote: -----> Python app detected
remote: -----> Installing python-3.7.1
remote: -----> Installing pip
remote: -----> Installing SQLite3
remote: -----> Installing requirements with pip
remote:        Collecting flask (from -r /tmp/build_c2c067ef79ff14c9bf1aed6796f9ed1f/requirements.txt (line 1))
remote:          Downloading ...
remote:        Installing collected packages: Werkzeug, click, MarkupSafe, Jinja2, itsdangerous, flask
remote:        Successfully installed Jinja2-2.10 MarkupSafe-1.1.0 Werkzeug-0.14.1 click-7.0 flask-1.0.2 itsdangerous-1.1.0
remote:
remote: -----> Discovering process types
remote:        Procfile declares types -> (none)
remote:
```

A `requirements.txt` must be present at the root of your application's repository to deploy.

To specify your python version, you also need a `runtime.txt` file - unless you are using the default Python runtime version.

Current default Python Runtime: Python 3.6.7

Alternatively, you can provide a `setup.py` file, or a `Pipfile`. Using `Pipenv` will generate `runtime.txt` based on `python-version` at build time.

Specify a Buildpack Version
---------------------------

You can specify the latest production release of this buildpack for upcoming builds of an existing application:

    $ heroku buildpacks:set heroku/python


Specify a Python Runtime
------------------------

Supported runtime options include:

- `python-3.7.1`
- `python-3.6.7`
- `python-2.7.15`

## Tests

The buildpack tests use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to simulate
Heroku's [stack images.](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/stack)

To run the test suite:

```
make test
```

Or to test in a particular stack:

```
make test-heroku-18
make test-heroku-16
```

The tests are run via the vendored
[shunit2](https://github.com/kward/shunit2)
test framework.

Commit message:

Allow running specific tests by passing TESTS
Make it possible to specify individual tests to run, to facilitate debugging.
Running the entire test suite every time can take quite long. Tests can be
specified by passing the TESTS variable to `make test`.

Note that the test script uses the deprecated `suite` hook to build the test
suite from the command-line arguments, if there are any. Upstream `shunit2`
already does this by default.

README.md, after:

![python](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/51578/13712821/b68a42ce-e793-11e5-96b0-d8eb978137ba.png)

# Heroku Buildpack: Python

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/heroku/heroku-buildpack-python.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/heroku/heroku-buildpack-python)

This is the official [Heroku buildpack](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/buildpacks) for Python apps.

Recommended web frameworks include **Django** and **Flask**, among others. The recommended webserver is **Gunicorn**. There are no restrictions around what software can be used (as long as it's pip-installable). Web processes must bind to `$PORT`, and only the HTTP protocol is permitted for incoming connections.

Python packages with C dependencies that are not [available on the stack image](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/stack-packages) are generally not supported, unless `manylinux` wheels are provided by the package maintainers (common). For recommended solutions, check out [this article](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/python-c-deps) for more information.

See it in Action
----------------
```
$ ls
my-application		requirements.txt	runtime.txt

$ git push heroku master
Counting objects: 4, done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (2/2), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 276 bytes | 276.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Compressing source files... done.
remote: Building source:
remote:
remote: -----> Python app detected
remote: -----> Installing python-3.7.1
remote: -----> Installing pip
remote: -----> Installing SQLite3
remote: -----> Installing requirements with pip
remote:        Collecting flask (from -r /tmp/build_c2c067ef79ff14c9bf1aed6796f9ed1f/requirements.txt (line 1))
remote:          Downloading ...
remote:        Installing collected packages: Werkzeug, click, MarkupSafe, Jinja2, itsdangerous, flask
remote:        Successfully installed Jinja2-2.10 MarkupSafe-1.1.0 Werkzeug-0.14.1 click-7.0 flask-1.0.2 itsdangerous-1.1.0
remote:
remote: -----> Discovering process types
remote:        Procfile declares types -> (none)
remote:
```

A `requirements.txt` must be present at the root of your application's repository to deploy.

To specify your python version, you also need a `runtime.txt` file - unless you are using the default Python runtime version.

Current default Python Runtime: Python 3.6.7

Alternatively, you can provide a `setup.py` file, or a `Pipfile`. Using `Pipenv` will generate `runtime.txt` based on `python-version` at build time.

Specify a Buildpack Version
---------------------------

You can specify the latest production release of this buildpack for upcoming builds of an existing application:

    $ heroku buildpacks:set heroku/python


Specify a Python Runtime
------------------------

Supported runtime options include:

- `python-3.7.1`
- `python-3.6.7`
- `python-2.7.15`

## Tests

The buildpack tests use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to simulate
Heroku's [stack images.](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/stack)

To run the test suite:

```
make test
```

Or to test in a particular stack:

```
make test-heroku-18
make test-heroku-16
```

You can also specify which tests to run:

```
make test TESTS="testPython3_7 testGitEgg"
```

The tests are run via the vendored
[shunit2](https://github.com/kward/shunit2)
test framework.
